nfc: lib: Fix ISO-DEP error recovery (#11923)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Libraries for NFC
-----------------

* :ref:`nfc_t4t_isodep_readme` library:

>   * Fixed the ISO-DEP error recovery process when the R(ACK) frame is received in response to the R(NAK) frame from the poller device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed the ISO-DEP error recovery process in case where the R(ACK) frame is received in response to the R(NAK) frame from the poller device.
```

Libraries for NFC
-----------------

* :ref:`nfc_t4t_isodep_readme` library:

  * Fixed:

>     * An ISO-DEP error recovery process when R(ACK) frame is received in response to the poller device R(NAK) frame.

Author: I would keep the poller device instead of polling in both cases
